okay for hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians who fled Israel's
Relentless bombardments of the Gaza
Strip the struggle to find food gets
worse every
day this is the only bread we have we
have the pot but we don't have food
where are the Arabs around the world
look what America and Israel have done
to us there is no food I swear to Allah
we had nothing for breakfast today let
me show you my tent look at the bread we
eat we eat bread that is covered with
dust and
scand the UN says one in four people in
Gaza are
starving and 90% of families in some
areas are lucky if they eat once a
day international agencies accuse Israel
of using food as a weapon of War a
violation of international
law swear to God I have no more blankets
clothes or food for my children this is
my son and I have nothing for him he
suffers from diarrhea andic I don't have
disposable diapers I don't have ointment
I don't have medicines I can't even
breastfeed him cuz I don't have food to
eat I put the juice of one tomato and a
piece of bread until it becomes soft and
then I feed my
baby Israel has partially blamed un
agencies for the shortfall in food and
medicine getting into Gaza
[Music]
the UN says that's a baseless lie and
accuses Israel of continuously
restricting the entry of all supplies
including food water medicine and
fuel our situation is below zero our
house was destroyed we were very sick we
came here two months ago we have nothing
here we can't find food I didn't even
drink tea for 3 days we only get little
lentils or some peas without
meat un says in the last week of
December food assistance in Gaza only
reached 8% of people in need and now the
risk of famine in the Palestinian
territory is increasing by the day Charn
stford Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer